vite plugin configuration docs (#21137)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/workers/vite-environments.mdx

---
{}
---

:::note

> If you're using the [Cloudflare Vite plugin](/workers/vite-plugin/), you select a Wrangler environment at dev or build time via the `CLOUDFLARE_ENV` environment variable rather than the `--env` flag. Otherwise, environments are defined in your Wrangler config file as usual. For more detail on using Wrangler environments with the Cloudflare Vite plugin, refer to the [plugin documentation](/workers/vite-plugin/reference/cloudflare-environments/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the [Cloudflare Vite plugin](/workers/vite-plugin/), you select the environment at dev or build time via the `CLOUDFLARE_ENV` environment variable rather than the `--env` flag. Otherwise, environments are defined in your Worker config file as usual. For more detail on using environments with the Cloudflare Vite plugin, refer to the [plugin documentation](/workers/vite-plugin/reference/cloudflare-environments/).
```
